Restaurant stuff, right? I hope you remember that. Yep.  Okay. So right now, um, there was a big push for. So when we did that, essentially we still were at a point where IDA had not done their OBO chain.  So, yeah. So now that in the past 2.5 weeks, uh, or 3 weeks, um, we've had this whole thing churn over, um, or past month, I guess. Um, turn over for OBL.  With IDP, um, Kong, at this point, if I put this in front of, for example, um, an application right now, will have to do the simple routeing that it usually does. With ID authentication. It also has to do OPA integration.  And then with the open integration now, It also has to do smart approval redirection. Are you with me? Yeah, yeah, I mean #um there was my my big worry was we'd start putting.  There's a tendency to start putting a bunch of stuff in clog. Yeah. And your API gateway and it becomes a mess at some point.  Yes. And I actually have stripped and and Rick knows this. I have stripped Kong away from our current implementation, I'm actually doing it at the service level.  Because I'm not sure how much of business logic is going in right now. And you are correct because there's also, if OBO goes in, There's a potential wait for something to come back and token validation and stuff like that. Yeah, I mean, I'm not sure.  I don't, There was a couple clothes on it, like I wasn't sure. OBO actually gives us anything and the way they set up OBO. It doesn't. was every service will be bouncing at every level.  Caraphobia. Correct. And the chain doesn't really, it didn't, I don't know.  Yeah, I mean, so the bottom line is, I wouldn't even depend on OBO. I'm not sure it got us anything. It could be potentially painful, but, you know, the question is, could we just do what we were doing with?  OPA and be effective. And then we could even check. You know, if we know what the entitlements are and that type of thing, technically we have everything we need, right?  No, the OBO basically has become an authentic concept now. So agents need OBO, so that's kind of par for the course now. Um, and agents don't have a fit per se, so they are relying on the opiochaining for the incoming user who triggered the agent.  Uh, with IDP uh, enablement. Okay, I mean, I'd have to see some of their pictures on some of it, but so did you have a theory where you were going to go then? No, so I want to, I want to confirm my, and I think I'm in line with you, that I don't want to put Kong just put Kong.  Right? Because I, at some point there's an advance to having gateways for certain purposes. I don't know if you need it for this effort.  You could probably get away without it if you have to pass OBO anyway. And then the key would be is each of our services would interact with OPA for finer grained stuff that we need to kind of deal with. They're going to do that anyways, right?  Um, with without Kong. going to do that. So... That's where our goal.  Yeah, so you can save yourself some effort is the question. Correct. So I don't have to set up con.  What I'm going to do is I am going to set up Kong for some development work and see how it all fits later. Um, but today, for pushing to production in June and and in a short time frame, with all this coming. I'm just going to do regular , N and Z, to the service itself.  And Obio would be taken care within there. Yeah, yeah. My, my, I have nervousness on the performance of OBI.  But... I think is and and just have to walk through your flows and make sure everything kind of closes, but... It feels like at some point, we can, I mean, we have to talk gateway for some other, other things at some point, but the, my worry is worry has been, Well, so inside of our architecture, there may be someplace for a proxy conversation.  It could be a gateway. But we're running into, like, right now is a pattern where things like DBT running as a service, that Kestro is talking to, Windows toolkit, or, you know, their CTC toolkit running as a plug-in service. I mean, those are things I think we have to examine at some point.  That might be better our gateway. There's also continuing, like, what has been happening is API tables, code patterns have been getting clawed coded into ToolKit. Um, to they're essentially now starting to be some asks.  Can I get GSM access from ToolKit to pull secrets? to update events in DLP and stuff like that. Yep, I know the ask.  So, yeah, some of those things is, like, there certainly a worthy discussion on when we have to take control actions and do that. The issue tends to be as it just becomes like, I don't know how you protect secrets once you have, have them being able to be pulled by the toolkit, unless it's only in that, that environment, and then, you know, we, we got a, I mean, it's almost like you'd want to restrict the secrets. And I know that's a different topic, but yeah, yeah, I hear you.  Um, okay. So, long story short, I think you and I are in alignment, but no Kong for now. I was thinking Kong for Galaxy.  Um, because it is a front end service. Uh, there is no technically OB or anything at that point. Worst case is OPA and it's just perfectly fine.  Well, galaxy has a whole need for other, for presentation level services that have to be built out. Because right now it's like the idea that they're going to connect directly to Mobius and things is not right, but it's also like, It doesn't necessarily make sense for them to be talking, in all cases, maybe to Kester, but, you know, it's almost like you need, There, there's, there's orchestration services you put there, some of that was like, you know, the kind of things you did, conductor, some of the things you would do with, with other tools. But there's there's ops has been coding up some things as examples, what they would want.  And my point is, it's like an overlayer that, you know, is additional stuff over the top of, You know, data services over top of the Mobius or presentation services, and it shouldn't be the galaxy team building it out, but there's no There's no plan for it right now, and there's already been a ton of stuff on the security fabric stock side where these guys are just building one off services and flask, and they vibe code up a bunch of stuff. They sent me a design that took, you know, 5 minutes for them to generate, and but the onus is on me to go spend 4 hours to understand it. And then I ask questions and they copy pasted into Claude code and respond back and I'm like, oh my god.  Yeah, yeah, at some point, we're not getting, we're not getting like a complete, it's going to change how things kind of work. But at the other end, I'm like, well, it would be easier if I just cloud coated it myself than cut out the 3 middlemen having conversations, you're not wrong, and this is why, and we had this discussion before, it is dangerous in people who don't know what principles of software engineering are. Yeah, and and I mean, there's basic design things that have to be applied.  But I mean, the ultimate goal, though, is like, Well, I mean, the quad code bit is going to come out licenses wise. We't have a lot of people in the 1st wave, but 2 weeks later we do. And I think, um, They're saying that all all the code generated must be human reviewed.  I'm like, You know, it is not going to be fair to throw that at me and say that I'm, I had the onus of reviewing everything they vomited out as far as a design package plus a, a code set. Um, but, I mean, the architecture actually becomes more important, and that's the place where it's like been endless arguments, and a lot of it quite, frankly, is just kind of been, uh, tacked on. Right.  Okay. Um, so, okay, so did they, did you hear? we're okay with dot com for our services for now.  Yeah, I think I'm fine with that. Like, you have this spot approval in the same line. Uh, I did not get that particular context.  So like you were thinking to help the smart approval also going through Kong or, Not smellable, go through Kong. Uh, because... would go through the smart approval. As service, right?  Correct. So, so today, you know, when we initially did this, Kong was sitting in front of Kestro for Auten with IDA. And for Oddsy with OPA, right?  And what we were thinking was, the smart approval was not fully baked, and we would just send off a smarter pool request at that point. Um, And smart approval request has to go into the service anyway. Because you now have to, depending upon the component, For example, let's assume there's an example in Trino does not have Kong in front of it.  I'm phrasing that before. This is just an example hypothetical. If you put Kong in front of Morbius, It would have to hold something so that it can regenerate that in order to send it to Mobius, right?  Like the query itself. Make sense? So I didn't want to do that either.  After thought and said, this is better served within the service itself. Because that becomes everything becomes logic within Kong. Kong should be used for what it's supposed to be built and used for.  Right? Routeing, rate limiting, all that good stuff, even as a proxy, it is a proxy, right? It could.  So um, that's what I wanted it to do. Right? And all plugging made more sense because it is partial routeing, right?  It is routeing based on authorisation. We could have done that. But unfortunately now it has become a lot more than, um, uh, uh, just the one thing, and this is kind of hitting on uh, the Mobius side, the other.  The other thing is like any new pieces you're going to build out. We need to design for 0 downtime, 0 crazy SIT process, manual steps to do deployment. If possible.  And yeah, I'm just saying that like, I'm watching the Mobius deployment process now and it's kind of been extended into like these SAT and extra evidence and all these other things on tickets. We got to do work on like the draining of workers and all this other stuff so we can get it automated. But like the less, you might not be 0, but the less activity involved in deployment.  It's killing the teams all over the place on the process there, and product keeps adding more every time they get a hands on it, or it's happening with the platform team with, uh, Uh, what's her name now? Sasha. Yeah, a little bit with Sasha, but her folks swapped my group.  I'm kind of like, the problem is, I've kind of come to a conclusion, the only way I'm going to fix it is if I spend 2 weekends and write it up. But we gotta, we gotta switch branch, you know, on our end, but I, I would just, I don't know if they, if I, you can actually do that. Let's say a goal, not a direction.  Just whatever you're building, if it's a new thing, Everything should be built from the idea that it's like, um, I check in a config file, which kicks off all my deployments and they happen hands off. Like, you know, what I'm gonna shoot for for Mobius is, I check in a config file that says the version of Mobius Config, diversion of plug-ins, and a vergians of K 8s, that should be specified for each environment. And all the deployment just happens.  Right. I don't know how else to do it, but that's fair. Okay.  The next thing that I want to talk about is, um, I don't know if you've recently heard about the Intense file. The what? The intense.  It sounds like a made up term, but what is it? Uh, it is basically, um, The, uh, Yamo that is more an intent of usage of your system, right? So everything is going to be controlled.  So it's a precursor, Yaml. Remember the Yaml to Rego conversation? Yes.  That that's what intent file now becomes. So is everyone agreed we're not going to have random Regos placed in folders for people? Uh, yes, because it's all a yamble, getting converted into one week until how many records goes.  Okay, all right, because I mean, I thought I gave up on not having that, but I'm glad if somehow reason has prevailed. Um, I think that conversation also came across when, um, Uh, I think with this whole agentic thing coming up, I think industry has moved on towards um, intents and the constitutions and things of that nature and a big, you know, more dome like structure. If there's a document that has anything that anyone's thinking about other than someone, you know, vomited out the word in a meeting.  I am trying to create what an intent file is. Um, I will try to I will share it with you once I have some kind of a grasp on it. Um, and we can go through the pros and cons of it as we sit down.  Yeah, and the line I will say is we should we should avoid making shit up. That's JPMC specific. But there's a lot of stuff industry wise that that's moving really quick on this.  And then the other one is, I have to, I haven't had any time to spend time on what CDAO has done to MCP and what they're doing in a toolkit. Um, and then I also, I got a random paper from Anapama that I haven't been able to, to understand. What she's writing something in, so I got to, I got to look at that too.  But whatever the concept is, if minimally it's configuration and we apply regulars to it, we're probably fine. Um, but, As long as it's straightforward. Find is, um, the way it is going, I, I, uh, it's fine.  So we're, um, And then the 3rd thing I wanted to talk about was, um, Smart approval in, you know, Vivek. I just want to make sure how that callback we want to run through that too. But if you want to run that to Lejan, we can do it later.  Um, in the agenda, I had one more thing for us, John. Just to be sure, I cover bases. Yeah, uh, I'm still not 100% sure this will.  The perfect solution, but I can, I can. Before you start that, let me give him one more thing and then we can go to that. Okay.  So the smaller pool, um, you know what's monopol is, right, John? I mean, I'm not, just being control. Yes, I've been saying it's the only thing that's actually a well written service in the firm.  And actually, it's useful because it actually, you, if you integrate with everything, it avoids all the problems with delegation and all the other crap. Right. So what I have done.  Um, this is not the big spot if it is a fault. So what I have done. Um, is to create a separate uh, service where our all of our components can just submit a request to smart approval and it just picks up and talks to smart approval, gets back the result.  And starts to disseminate the approval. Um, So that's the basic concept of that service. Um, this service is going to live in Portico.  And I have it today, I have it as an API couple service. Okay, because Portico T.O design is still a little bit in the flux. So I had it as a separate service sitting in Portico with the API couple.  Does it make sense? I'm, I'm guessing what you mean, sitting in Portico, it's an, it's a, container in portico. And when you say, I'm not sure what you're suggesting on the other part.  So, so, it's basically a service, in EKS or is to do whatever this is, right? Um, it's a server. With incoming APR request management.  Talks to smart approval, gets back results from smart approval. And then gives back the result to the calling client with the approval that was given by smart approval. Right?  So on the, it's not synchronous, it's putting it on cues. And that's where, so today, yes, it has to basically go on cues, but Portico is is technically a cue system, so, It'll publish message, so, the way I'm thinking about changing from the API direct API coupling is to publish a message into portico schema. Get that in.  I mean, technically they don't even have a key. It's all an event table. Um, It goes, and this service will look at the event table to pick up events.  And then um, get back results from smarter parole itself. And I have to push back to the Salt Act. When you say push back to the caller, what do you mean? That's a good question.  See, I don't want to give you details on it. Darn it. Uh, the reason I did want to, um, is, is because there is 2 ways to do it, right?  Um, it's it's basically always a pull-ar push, right? Um, Now, there is no true Um, data bus sitting in in Portico, right? There's not for not for listening service.  The way they have designed it is there's an event table that gets updated with the status of the event uh, that you can, uh, that got published in for request. Now, when this gets updated, the 2 ways to do it is to, within that service that we built, it can call back, which makes it an API couple system. Right?  To the collar. Or the colour comes in and checks the event table, one way or the other, to pick up something. Right?  Um, now, there's a 3rd option where there is an auto trigger in portico to disseminate that through a separate workshop. Right? That's another thought process.  So there are 3 streams of thought, Portico, Bal, and myself are still mulling over it. There's no decision being made yet. I hope by Monday we can get to a point.  Um, This is required mainly for Agents and Mobius, because those are the 2 systems that we want smarter pool for. to begin with. I am. So I haven't had a review of what portico design is.  It's not bond designing it, right? Balance came to it, actually. He was given one.  He was given a design by for Romana. Correct. All right.  I mean, if someone can show me what it is, we can talk about it. So there is 2 And again, I haven't had time to kind of do it, but there's kind of 2 approaches. And this came up for file upload as a service, but there's a pattern that you would kind of do there where the idea is, You need these kind of longgoing actions to happen and you have web hooks involved in how you respond.  But... With cash, what you mean? or any other.  In any of our, this is presentation service. Forget about Kestra. how to do it in a robust way, but there's probably a kind of a model behaviour we'd have for those types of things that can, like, do to work and trigger an event. And I was almost like, there's probably, there's probably some kind of worker there, but I don't understand in use cases and smart approval to know what a good pattern is.  My bigger thing is, does it, does it rational? Can it scale? Do they lose data?  How did they do updates to the system? And, and I mean, in general, it's a bad path if we're trying to go invent our own message bus. Some of this, like in all honesty, I think we could have done it with a reddish cue.  And been better off and have people buy into it and call it a day. Um, in portico or bedrock, initially started, I asked the same questions, John. I'm like, why do we need this?  Right? It didn't make true sense in my head. There was a reason conductor had the design it did. which is, uh, in all honesty, if we could just, I'm almost tempted to go get that interface that it had and then like duplicate it in our own code and not call a conductor and say portico three.  Because it gave you what you needed, right? Right. Right.  It actually could do spa approval, it could do everything. Yeah, and then you could do the thing, like the big thing upgrade is if we did GRPC there and you could register a client and you send a request and you get events automatically. There's no point.  That was what Crowder used to convince everyone to kill off conductor because it's a polling mechanism and how could you do that in an era of, uh, Web hooks and and, um, server sent events and 30 other things. But... Okay.  Um, maybe I'll last Ballin to set a meeting up with you on Monday if possible. Um, well, we have time. Let me see if I can pull in.  So look like back to square one, the conductor. I do remember, John, the conversation like long back. I do remember like we have the event based architecture there, right?  Yeah, well, everyone was on the original event-based kick, and we explained all the problems with it and said, this is the, this is a lightweight, wait, way to do this. And we're now back in the same same world where we're going to rediscover the problems, except it's even more blurred now. Yeah, because it's like 70 chefs.  Yeah, I do remember like when I was working for conductor, like we have around 6 to 7 worker when we have a handover to Ravi, Deshmuk. Like consolidator, like we have separate, uh, uh, I think it's spring boot, we were using that time, I believe so. Like for the workers, yeah.  Yeah, well, so they had patterns there, but I mean, there was work to be done to make it better, but the idea would have been there. You just spin up a client process and everything that's got to talk with and interact with conductor. Yeah, yeah. and they could send messages and receive messages.  Yeah, everything is massive to everyone and like just event in that particular message. I do remember. But it's water under a bridge because that name is verboten because decisions were made.  Yeah. So. But I mean, I'm okay if we have to do this Monday because I have plenty of other stuff to do, but.  No, that's okay. I mean, uh, that's where Balin coming in Portugal, and I would, I, I understand that. But, um, Vivek, I also wanted to talk about that's for only portico design and we can talk about smart approval.  When you get a little more hands-on with, um, or head around what article is, like, I have the protocol design, John. I have it with me as a lucid chart. But I don't want to butcher what they have understood as design versus me as 2nd hand, 3rd hand information.  Right? If you have, if you, well, I mean, I can't, I'm happy to see it then and do a review of it, but they owe it 0 one. That's fair.  Um, so, essentially, Until now, no Kong for now. They're moving forward. Um, smarter, opio all happens in services.  Intense file, once I get more grasp on my writing, I will start to expose it with you. Um, and then Um, The next thing is, we are setting up OPA servers, as local containers, as side cars within services, so that we can talk to Moat and Central. Just to let you know, uh, Vivek knows about this.  So we're doing that. And then the last thing is, uh, I'm going to let, let talk more about this, is the Trino Smart approval. Oh, yep, yep, definitely.  Um, maybe I will start. I don't have any anything. #ah like as a as a picture or something like that like maybe so maybe I'll just start what? #ah.  We were thinking about John and maybe slap me with the the hard comments if you want to like because this is not nothing concrete. I just thought or theory. And I put the seed in that leg's head.  So if there's any anything hard, it's on me. No, no, I mean, like, it's just like this morning discussion, like a few hours back. So, uh, what we were thinking of, like let's say any.  Any request coming to Trino? And for a data access, so let's say user is gonna, whenever anything hit Trino, it's a, it's a kind of a event. And every single event have a unique ID which is like query ID.  Before, could he get executed? Like whenever, like, let's say you star select one, it will create a query ID and um, it tried to see, uh, like, uh, it get the identity, so trino identity get created into the trino man pickle in main package. And that Tino identity passed through the whatever authorisation layer is.  So before it goes to the authorisation layer and #um it's kind of try to eliminate the whatever evolution of the rules we need to have it for that particular requested objects. Once that requested object, like let's say, OPA request, goes to the OPA server and try to evolute the policies. And after that results come back, so results we are not saying like true or false, like allowed in I. We will send some information about like, let's say, results is denied.  And maybe some more parameters is, let's say, a smart approval required. During that time, like, uh, query is still in the planning sort of phase, I believe so. Uh, that I haven't tested it out, like, uh, I just need to debug it and before it hit OPA.  And it authorised it. I just want to debug it like the runtime container, how what is the state of the query that particular time? If I stop it, before it's going to the access control layer after it's coming from the access control layer.  So let's say whenever it's make the call to get the authorisation, and after the authorisation, what is the state of the running query? If I control that one and then, uh, if I sign the same, if a smart approval required, have another call directly from the plug-in itself to the 3rd service, which is smart approval, and put the request there, and that particular query status will go, uh, approval, uh, painting, and it's not gonna run that particular query, whenever approval is granted, that particular query gonna get. Executed again.  I don't know who will be the actor that time, but that that is what I'm thinking about. And then after that query state will be changed. And some sort of uh, uh, kind of uh, header uh, or some sort of a referenced or a correlation with the uh, previous query, which was like a smarter rule required, will attach to the new query.  That that is what I am thinking of. Is that is that clear or? I was trying to catch that completely.  Um, run it through one more time, slowly on the... So I was trying to, I almost was trying to draw, but I didn't. So, uh, maybe I will ask Cloudy to do it for me as I give the instructions.  So, like, number one is, let's say, user issue security to the Trino. What happened like in that particular query, whatever data set user is trying to access it, user does not have any permission. So, whenever user hit that particular query, trino, query, uh, engine, pick it and create a query ID.  Before it goes to the authorisation, uh, We, we gonna monitor the state like, okay, what is the state? So I'm hoping, John, it is in the planning phase whenever before it get the excess denied or anything. You're just you're just talking about writing an event listener that you listen to and you can kill queries.  Is that it? No, no, no, no, no. It is not about that one.  So I'm talking about the smart approval flow. Okay, in authorisation layer. All right, so are we talking about in a system access control module, like a new module model?  Yeah, so the integration of a smart approval access request before and after authorisation. So far, how you're thinking of doing that again? Maybe I'll draw it, like, John.  That mina make more sense. Do you want me to draw when you talk or you're okay? I'm okay to draw.  Okay, one second. #Ah, is this clear? Right now, can you see it?  Yeah, I. #Ah, I have I have one #um. Okay. #, oh one second it's I have a one diagram which I can I can pull up and then. I see your link on the Orcas orchestrating human tasks.  Yeah, I looked at it. nice. You know, I'm just so pissed off every time I hear that product now. I can't even deal with it.  Because it's the funny thing is, it's like, it's, there are ways we can build systems to do this. There's tool sets, and there's none that just do it out of a box like we would have gotten if we just stood this up. John, if you do, if you remember, like a couple of years back, this guy, like who is owning this company, contacted us, both of us, like 3 years back.  Uh, about the use cases, what are the use cases you would like to build into that? So, I do remember, I do remember we had a chat on this one. Once again.  Just bear with me for a 2nd. I have a diagram which approval. Not this one.  Okay, yeah. This one, so. Yeah, I mean, it's got 30,000 stars on GitHub.  I guess it's, let's see how dead it is if it's not dead. It doesn't look dead. So, let's say, I'm gonna take this one and put it into the new page.  So. Not this one one second. #Ah, they stuck our name on the #Ah page for IT.  Okay, so #um let's say user coming to Trina John here and I'm gonna take this all this system out from here. Can see it. Yeah, I can see it.  Make a Little bit bigger SO #um ignore like #Ah the formating and all. So whenever it's it goes to the policy evolutions here, right? What I'm saying is if.  Yeah, it comes with a deny right? Like let's say it comes with a deny and we will have another kind of result whenever it's Jason comes. It says like smart.  Approval required sort of thing like one of the another fields comes here. What it does, like a Trino OPA plug-in, Trino OPA plug-in, uh, understand that particular message, if this denied, I need to talk to the other system, which is uh, uh, smart approval, and I need to submit that request for behalf of the user. So one second.  Do the smarter people will #ah. One second, #Ah, I'm #ah a lock #ah and group. And I will delete this oops.  Come on, #, oh you know what a conductor has now. Conductor skills for AI agents. So you can have it create, manage, and deploy workflows.  Don't tell me we have to bring back a cane. I'm gonna, I'm gonna just stick that one and Anthony's side really fast. Hang on.  Oh, with me too, John. Share that with me. Uh, I'll, uh, I'll head, I'm just sending him a screenshot to torture him.  No, so I think John that was the first project I was working with you directly right? Yeah. Yeah.  So so Trino, if you see John here like #ah before. Alright, go ahead, sorry. You know, I've been on meetings since like, I kid you not, 7 AM this morning.  #Ah, me, me. #Ah, can you see IT now? Yes, so when I'm a user goes here like.  #Ah, it goes to the trip #Ah Opah Opas. okay, smarter people require trino OPA plug-in, which is like here, the OPA plug-in, it is gonna, uh, go to the smart approval, and here, in this particular line, we need to build something which is gonna hold the query, gonna have the correlation of that particular query, and I'm not sure, like, do we need to add the complexity into the trino layer in this particular point, hold the query, do everything, uh, et cetera. Hello, how are you? I'm having good discussion, so just joined.  Um So let's say, I mean, all so here's the thing of it is this. Um, The system access control one, if you can hit it at that component. There's kind of 2 bits there.  And this is the thing you have to check because the, Trina does certain things in really high performance mode on the coordinator. Ideally, if it's got a thread looking at that, you're probably okay. If the component itself internally holds up for the smart approval request.  And it's unusual. There's some arguments on why you wouldn't want to do that, but in the latest JBM, it's probably not as big a concern. I wouldn't, I don't think it would be a bad idea to see if you can just hold on and take a really long time to make the decision.  And let the query hang out in that state awaiting approval. Um, yeah. The 2nd, the 2nd, um, The 2nd bit is, is, is your basic idea is that, um, I mean, the 2nd thing you could do is the gateway could handle it, where we actually have the gateway.  Um, yeah, to minute and hold on to it and do a little, little sorts like that. That gets kind of complicated in certain cases. But remember, diet service already is pluggable.  Brett over on Catalyst, spent some time kind of looking at it. Yeah, I didn't want any gateway to hold on to any of these requests for long. Yeah, no, I, well, and, but this is the weird one.  Like, um, Because your choices are, it's either Trino tells you it's not authorised or it's waiting for approval, or you can kind of do this internally where Trino requests smart approval evaluation. and sits there and pulls on smart approval until it's done. So, so, um, hear me out. So my proposed theory to Vivek was, we create a custom plug-in.  Right? Uh, And within there, it basically has a callback function if you have to that is separate. Um, Well, so, I mean, that would be, I, you have to see what that means because you have to plug into life cycle somewhere and you gotta, there has to be a way to do it.  You don't want to get into screwing around with the SPI. And adding features to that, which you get complicated now. No, no, not GSBI.  No, no. Well, I mean, so so that's but that's kind of a bit like you could either do it inside your own OPA plug-in and you're effectively going to hold onto the query at the planning stage. You're going to be blocking something on the coordinator and it may be okay depending on the performance and how you do it.  The other thing you could do, Which, which is less painful is you could do it as a polymorphic table function. Or um, a regular function. And what's nice about that is they do a two-part query, so it's a CTE, so they do it with, and they request approval, and we have UDFs or PTFs on Trino, that get handed off to a worker, worker that go interact with smart approval.  And when they get the result back, they issue their real query with that ID. Something like that would be effective because effectively, you know, it's not going to strain the coordinator. The coordinator is going to plan it out, stick to work on, uh, a worker and the worker can, I have no problem if a worker thread sits on a task for whatever amount of time, but that's how you could get the approval approved.  And then at some point you come back with a deny. That would be an internal way to do it. But really fast, when you say user is ready to promote the query.  What does that mean on that bottom line? Oh, no, no, no. This is like, actually, I copied it from the Castra.  So, uh, Yeah, so I guess. This is they get their results back. Yeah, yeah, yeah.  So, user query complete. They got it back, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.  So the bodymorphic function you said like John is whenever user is issuing a query with a width clause, like you are saying like we gonna, are you thinking about like calling the smart approval API? We can we can do that as well. Yeah, I'm not sure that's a great idea, but I just break... an asynchronous operation, right?  Somebody else has to act on it and whatever. That's why, yeah, that's why, like, I just throw one error, like one side arrow. doesn't know anything. What I was saying is we make a UDF or a PTF that could do multiple smart approval actions inside of it.  It's not an APA table call. So, one basic question I have, how is the query response getting returned outside of smart approval discussion, right? How's the quoted response beginning returned here in this case, to the end, sir?  So there are 2 cases, right? And one is the Olympic flow. The textual sequel requires an immediate response and text the sequel, there's no smart approval.  Right? When they set to sequel tool or 18 sits in front. Because Galaxy is the one calling that.  Okay. In the other flow, what I'm hearing is the agent just needs to know the work is done. That's it.  That's it. It doesn't need the result back. If it needs the result back, then we're in a big old match.  So when you say work is done means what? They're expecting you to store somewhere? No.  Because once you use the things, you can... Sorry, go ahead. No, no, what's the use of executing query if the, the, if it isn't, is it a, is a select query, right?  You talking about? I don't know the answer to that. Okay.  Okay, so because if it's a D DML, then it's different, right? Okay, you manipulating, then it just needs to, okay, it's done, update is done, it is done, whatever. But if it's a select query, I mean, what's the point of just saying query is done?  I mean, it has to be somewhere at least to go somewhere. I understand, which is why Portico has a tool doesn't make sense to get too easy. I'm not sure what any guys are talking about at this point.  So what are the use cases? There's not enough time to do this here. Some of this has to be drawn out.  But Vivic, the core pattern you're saying is, If a query is issued, and your system access control module, you will submit a smart approval request and essentially block until it's completed. that right? No, so that's why like the arrow is going one side. It's gonna throw that particular smart approval uh, into their smart approval request system.  And some system needs to kind of look back the status of that. And once that particular status is complete, that system needs to trigger it back again. Okay.  Right. So why aren't we doing this then? There's, there's, there's a couple things we could do.  You're either gonna completely internalise it inside a trino. Where effectively they, I mean, um, The, the issue is that the user needs to know that there's feedback that a smart approval has to occur. I agree, Agreed.  So what I'm saying... So you're gonna want to do this in an external layer. Yeah, I think.  Or you're going to want to kill the query, um, but the query error would have to return and say that it was killed and a smart approval was requested and what won. So this is the type of thing like, why wouldn't, our default would be is you would do this over something like Kestra, and Kestra would have a workflow that does a multipart thing. Yes, the issue there is you don't want Kester returning the data for a user.  So, this would be at the galaxy layer, it should be submitting a smooth. Yeah, and this is, this is a Robbie where I was talking about, like, presentation services that should exist before gateway services that should exist. It should be, they submitted a query.  Um, they have to see the fact that they have a smart approval submitted, and they're waiting for approval that they can click on. They need that information back. Then, when it's approved, they're sending an approved idea along with flow.  And then internally, Trino's OPA, or Trino, or the OPA, or the Trino APA, plug in can go do the check. Yeah, you need to maintain the user context. If you do it with Kestra, I think that's the downside of you're not maintaining the context of the use or is it a user, right?  So, um, whatever service that is sitting in front of, you know, I was thinking this, it does a smart approval. Once the small airport comes through, then it has retained the context. It passes the context down to chino and then rest of the exhibition app.  Yep, I think Balam Basic, I do agree, like, as John is also saying, like, the gateway service. So it's something in front of this guy. Correct.  Gonna be taking the input and making sure like what input is coming and doing the operation like, is it like, do we need to go to the smarter pool system or all? So John is also talking about the similar sort of bit, like the gateway service. Yeah.  I do agree, like, because it become very complex here when we are gonna add these particular piece of the, even like polymorphic function, John. Um, is gonna add complexity. It's not going to simplify it, uh, the software, like we have it here.  Gateway service will be the clean solution, John, I would say. So the gateway service sits in front or after? front, front, front.  Okay. In front and it will be, sometimes if there is no smarter approval, it's a pass-through. Straight fast through.  I mean, if you want to make it consistent, if you want to keep it consistent. Very quickly, what are the what are the ways or the patterns that you're calling this? Is this a galaxy app or is this an agent?  What are what are the methods? are the use cases that we're driving through this? So, the 1st use skis, John, is the agent, is agent is issuing a query like text to sequel is coming, and then that's what I was thinking of.  Like, if they have, they have the another subagent which is determining the, like, this particular user who is issuing that particular career have access to this data set or not. And that's inclined with the intent stuff as well. So whenever user is issuing a query, what intent user has and based on that, user is automatically able to access the data, whatever intent he's passing, And OPA is going to determine that particular intent and allow user to get the data as well.  So it's kind of, Access permission also coming up with a request. And if not, then it gonna add a smart approval request whenever user is requesting data. Yeah, so I'm, I'm thinking more and more that the way this should be is, There's smart, smart approval, Issuance.  Uh, request, status checking, Granting, followed by the smart approval ID.